# CSci490.JavaScript.FinalProject.html
Final Project for CSci 490 - Special Topics: JavaScript.

Project Assignment
Attached Files:
File project Rubric.pdf (368.479 KB)
CSci 490 – Special Topics – JavaScript Programming
Winter Intersession 2015
Project Assignment
 
Project Due Date: Presentation ready project upload by Friday 1/16/2015 Noon.
                               Final project upload by Friday 1/16/2015  midnight.
 
Instructions: Write a form-based web application using JavaScript, HTML5, CSS and AJAX that meets the following requirements.
 
+Demonstrates the use of some unique combination of at least three of the following HTML elements. (Primary Ref. Lab 1)
  -Text Input
  -Radio-Buttons
  -Select List
  -Button
  -Table
+Demonstrates field level validation. (Primary Ref. Lab 1)
+Demonstrates the handling of at least one or more of the following events. (Primary Ref. Lab 1)
  -onsubmit
  -onreset
  -onchange
  -onfocus
+Demonstrates the use of Core JQuery. (Primary Ref. Lab 4 and demos on turing in C13ModJSjQuery and JQueryTinaSpainMcDuffie   and Carousel)
+Demonstrates the use of one or more JQuery Plug-Ins. (Primary Ref. Lab 4 and demos on turing in C13ModJSjQuery and           JQueryTinaSpainMcDuffie and Datepicker)
+Demonstrates the use of AJAX to send and receive data to/from the web server using JSON formatted data. (Primary Ref. Lab 2  and demos on turing in C11ModJSAJAX)
+Uses server-side code to process the request. (Primary Ref. Lab 2)
+Uses a design unique from those examples that have been used in class.
 
Requirements:
+All code must be directly written by you vs. generated by a code-generation tool.
+All code must be internally documented.
 
Submission:
+Be prepared to present your project on Friday during class. Upload this version of your project before class begins.
+Be prepared to answer a series of questions about all facets of your project during your presentation.
+Upload your final project for grading to the corresponding drop-box on Blackboard on or before Friday 1/16/2015 midnight. This will allow for any last minute changes you want to make after your presentation.
